pacconf: add page (#18467)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacconf.md

# pacconf

> > Queries and Displays pacman's configuration options, showing either the full configuration or specific directive values as parsed by pacman.

Author: Committed

> > Queries and displays pacman's configuration options, showing either the full configuration or specific directive values as parsed by pacman.

Reviewer: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/431df9251f34fe17a672b9646c2f35c5dc60f644/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#imperative-mood
> All descriptions must be phrased in the imperative mood.

```suggestion
> Query and display pacman's configuration options, showing either the full configuration or specific directive values as parsed by pacman.
```

Author: done

> More information: <https://github.com/andrewgregory/pacutils/blob/master/doc/pacconf.pod>.

- Show full parsed pacman configuration:

`pacconf`

- List configured repositories:

`pacconf --repo-list`

> - Always show directive names even if only one directive is provided:
> 
> `pacconf --verbose`

Reviewer: This example makes no sense without a directive.
```suggestion
- Always show directive names even if only one directive is provided:

`pacconf --verbose {{directive}}`
```
